README.md, before:

# PO loader for webpack

## Usage

[Documentation: Using loaders](http://webpack.github.io/docs/using-loaders.html)

``` javascript
var messages = require("json!po!./locale/en_US/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po");
```

Locale module code:

``` coffeescript
'use strict'

Jed = require 'jed'

langRaw = window.navigator.userLanguage || window.navigator.language
langParts = langRaw.replace('-', '_').split('_')
multipart = (langParts.length > 1)
# The Locale consists of a language and territory
language = langParts[0]
territory = if multipart then langParts[1].toUpperCase()
# Set full
locale = if multipart then "#{language}_#{territory}" else language


# There is only one variable here and it Webpack expands its search using a regex
# to find all of the messages. The constant LOCALE_ROOT is evaluated at compile time
getLangLoader = (locale) ->
  bundleLoader = require "bundle!#{LOCALE_ROOT}/#{locale}/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po"
  return bundleLoader


i18n = null
module.exports =
  gettext: (message) -> i18n.gettext message
  ngettext: (msg1, msg2, n) -> i18n.ngettext msg1, msg2, n

  init: (loadApp) ->
    # Try to load the locale specified by the browser. Webpack will throw an exception
    # if it does not exist since it has been required with a regex. Then if the
    # locale has both both parts then try to load the base language without a territory
    # code (ex. 'es', 'en').  If this fails then load the default language (ex. 
    # 'en_US'). If the locale is not multipart then just fallback to the default
    # language. This allows for a single base language to be used without territories
    # or with incomplete coverage for all territories.
    try
      waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader locale
    catch eLocale
      if multipart
        try
          waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader language
        catch eLanguage
          waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader LOCALE_DEFAULT
      else
        waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader LOCALE_DEFAULT

    waitForLangChunk (messages) ->
      i18n = new Jed
        domain: 'messages'
        locale_data:
          messages: messages

      console.log 'messages:', messages
      loadApp()

```

## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

Added a functionality to pass options to po2json

README.md, after:

# PO loader for webpack

## Usage

[Documentation: Using loaders](http://webpack.github.io/docs/using-loaders.html)

``` javascript
// Use it explicitly
var messages = require("json!po!./locale/en_US/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po");

// Or add a loader into your webpack.config.js
loaders: [
   {test: /\.po$/, loader: 'json!po'}
]

// And then require it like this
var messages = require("./locale/en_US/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po");
```

See [po2json](https://github.com/mikeedwards/po2json) for a list of possible options. Use the `format` option to change the output format, e.g. `json!po?format=jed`.

Locale module code:

``` coffeescript
'use strict'

Jed = require 'jed'

langRaw = window.navigator.userLanguage || window.navigator.language
langParts = langRaw.replace('-', '_').split('_')
multipart = (langParts.length > 1)
# The Locale consists of a language and territory
language = langParts[0]
territory = if multipart then langParts[1].toUpperCase()
# Set full
locale = if multipart then "#{language}_#{territory}" else language


# There is only one variable here and it Webpack expands its search using a regex
# to find all of the messages. The constant LOCALE_ROOT is evaluated at compile time
getLangLoader = (locale) ->
  bundleLoader = require "bundle!#{LOCALE_ROOT}/#{locale}/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po"
  return bundleLoader


i18n = null
module.exports =
  gettext: (message) -> i18n.gettext message
  ngettext: (msg1, msg2, n) -> i18n.ngettext msg1, msg2, n

  init: (loadApp) ->
    # Try to load the locale specified by the browser. Webpack will throw an exception
    # if it does not exist since it has been required with a regex. Then if the
    # locale has both both parts then try to load the base language without a territory
    # code (ex. 'es', 'en').  If this fails then load the default language (ex.
    # 'en_US'). If the locale is not multipart then just fallback to the default
    # language. This allows for a single base language to be used without territories
    # or with incomplete coverage for all territories.
    try
      waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader locale
    catch eLocale
      if multipart
        try
          waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader language
        catch eLanguage
          waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader LOCALE_DEFAULT
      else
        waitForLangChunk = getLangLoader LOCALE_DEFAULT

    waitForLangChunk (messages) ->
      i18n = new Jed
        domain: 'messages'
        locale_data:
          messages: messages

      console.log 'messages:', messages
      loadApp()

```

## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
